Python Installation:

    1)Visit the official Python website.
    2)Scroll down to the Python releases section and locate the "Python 3.9.13" release.
    3)Click on the download link corresponding to your operating system (Windows, macOS, or Linux).
    4)Run the installer and make sure to check the option "Add Python to PATH" (Windows) or "Install for all users" (macOS and Linux).
    5)Follow the on-screen instructions to complete the installation.

Anaconda Installation:

    1)Visit the Anaconda archive page at https://repo.anaconda.com/archive/.
    2)Scroll down the page and find the version that matches Anaconda3-2022.10.
    3)Click on the corresponding link to download the installer for your operating system.
    4)Run the installer and follow the on-screen instructions to install Anaconda.
    5)During the installation process, you may be prompted to select the installation location and optionally add Anaconda to your system's PATH.

Git Installation (Windows):

    1)Visit the official Git website at https://git-scm.com/downloads and  Download the Git installer for Windows.
    2)Run the installer and follow the on-screen instructions, keeping the default settings unless you have specific preferences.
    3)On the "Select Components" screen, ensure that "Git Bash Here" and "Git GUI Here" options are selected. You can also choose additional components if needed.
    4)On the "Adjusting your PATH environment" screen, select the "Use Git from the Windows Command Prompt" option.
    5)Choose the default terminal emulator (Git Bash is recommended) and complete the installation process.

Dependencies Installation:

    1)Open the Anaconda Prompt or activate the Anaconda environment in the command prompt.
    2)Navigate to the directory where your project's source code is stored.
        cd /path-to/project
    3)Run the following command:
        pip install -r requirements.txt
        This command installs the dependencies listed in the requirements.txt file.
    4)After the installation is complete, close the Anaconda Prompt.
    
Execution Steps:    
    
    1)Open the command prompt or terminal.
    2)Navigate to the project directory:
        cd /path-to/project
    3)Run the following command:    
        streamlit run app.py
    4)The application's user interface will automatically load in your web browser.
    5)Alternatively, you can manually access the application by pasting the following URL in your browser's address bar:
        localhost:8501
